Amy:
Previously on "Heartland":
(Car tires squeal)
Who are you?
And what are you doing
on my horse?
That's Georgie.
I said she could go riding
before school,
but that was well over
an hour ago.
Who the heck is Georgie?
Ty: This is Amy, my girlfriend.
Um, this is Cassandra.
Right! Yeah,
Scott's new assistant,
right?
Janice:
Then I met Cisco here.
Wait a second.
You're-you're giving me
a racehorse?
You know what, Amy?
I really appreciate your input,
but I've worked
with dozens of racehorses;
I think I know a little more
about it than you do.
I'm just trying to help,
Janice.
I thought you wanted
to marry me
because you loved me,
not because you were trying
to win some custody battle.
Tim:
I do!
(Hard slap)
Agh!
♪
Amy: Dad!
Tim: Hey, honey!
Amy:
Hey! You're up early.
Tim: Yeah. Well, you know,
I can't afford a hired hand
to ride this fence-line.
Of course,
technically,
these are your grandpa Jack's
fences too,
but he's been in
such a lousy mood lately.
Yeah, no kidding.
What's that about?
I think it's got something
to do with Lisa.
But that's not why
you're out here.
What do you wanna
talk about?
(Sighs) Janice.
Tim:
My Janice?
What about her?
We've sorta been playing
phone tag.
She left a few messages.
She's in this area
and wants to stop by Heartland.
No.
You said no, right?
No. No stopping
by Heartland,
no talking about
the good old days,
no nothing, Amy.
Dad, come on,
be serious.
I am serious.
Very serious.
Come on!
(Clucks his tongue)
Georgie:
I did them yesterday!
Mallory:
They were your dishes.
Georgie: So what? You ate the most food!
(Plate smashes)
Mallory:
Look what you did!
Jack:
Everybody out, now!
Hold it right there!
On second thought,
you go into town.
You get everything
on that list,
and take your time.
Is that garbage
where it's supposed to be?
Then put it in the bin!
Mallory:
Hey, Jack?
What?
Mallory:
I know it's not a good time,
but Lou specifically hired me
to baby-sit Katie
while she's in New York,
so I just wanna make sure
that I have my old job
for the rest of the summer.
I'll think about it.
Mallory: What do you mean
you'll "think about it"?
It's my job!
It's always been my job!
Well, the job description
has expanded.
It now includes
looking out for Georgie,
and from what I can see
so far,
let's just say
we'll see.
I'm on probation
because of her?!
Yeah. Probation...
A trial run...
Call it what you will.
(Dog howls nearby)
(Dog whimpers)
Come here, boy. Girl.
Whatever.
Come on, it's okay.
I'm nice.
Yeah, come here.
You're hungry,
aren't you?
(Dog whines)
I'll get you something.
(Garbage bag rustles)
(Dog whines and whimpers)
Here...
Don't be scared.
(Sniffs)
There you go.
Mallory: (Blasts car horn)
Georgie, move it!
We've gotta get going!
Georgie!
Yeah, yeah,
hold your horses.
Tim: Hi.
Amy: Hey.
(Vehicle rumbles
in the distance)
(Sighs)
Oh no.
What's the problem?
That's Janice's truck,
isn't it?
You didn't tell me
she was coming today!
Well, I didn't know,
I swear.
I'll take care
of the horse.
You, you...
Make her go away.
What do you want me
to say?
I-I I don't know.
Just... anything.
You'll think of something.
Okay.
(Truck rumbles up outside)
Janice:
Amy!
Janice, hi!
Good to see you.
How've you been?
Busy.
That's Tim's horse.
Is he here?
Uh, I don't know.
He might be in the house
or in the barn.
(Sighs)
Janice, if you're here
to see my dad,
I wouldn't go there
if I were you.
Oh really?
Well, this has absolutely
nothing to do
with your father.
Look, Amy, I know you and I
have had our differences,
but believe it or not,
I'm actually here
to see you.
What about?
About a horse -
I need your help
with Cisco.
♪
♪ And at the break of day ♪
♪ you sank into your dream, ♪
♪ you dreamer. ♪
♪ Oh, oh, oh... ♪
♪ You dreamer, ♪
♪ you dreamer. ♪
Sync & corrections by Alice
www.addic7ed.com
(Truck rumbles off)
Tim:
So what'd she say?
Amy: You could've asked
her that yourself, Dad.
It's complicated,
honey.
With all I have
on my plate,
I don't have time
to deal with her right now.
What do have on your plate
that's so important?
Miranda, Shane,
school tuition,
the money that I lost
on that bison,
and owning a racehorse
comes at a steep price.
I try to keep up
my share,
but I kinda dropped the ball
on that one, too.
Dad, I don't think
this is about money, okay?
She asked me to work
with Cisco.
And I hate to say it,
but I think
she was kinda happy
that you stayed
in the barn.
What?
I said she's using you
and Cisco as a go-between
to get to me!
She drove all the way
from California, okay?
I couldn't just
turn her away.
Well, you could've.
You still can.
You could just call her,
tell her you're too busy.
You're not in
the racehorse business.
Tell her that you don't think
you should get involved.
Involved in what?
How am I involved?
I just agreed to spend
a couple of hours
with her horse
and that's it.
Couple hours?
There's nothing wrong with Cisco.
I'd bet my life on that.
Oh yeah? Okay.
Make it five bucks
and you're on.
Well, if you wanna throw
your money away,
fine with me.
Georgie: I don't see why I
have to carry everything?
Mallory: Because I'm the one
doing the actual shopping.
Oh my gosh!
Cassandra: Oh my God,
that's amazing!
(Ty laughs)
We should go.
Georgie:
(Stumbles) Ow!
What are you doing?
Stop that!
Oh, look, it's Ty!
Hi, Ty!
Ty: Hey, girls. Come on over.
Mallory, Georgie,
this is Cassandra.
Cassandra:
Hi.
You guys wanna join us
for lunch?
Georgie:
Sure!
That sounds great, but...
Actually we gotta go.
Ty: There's plenty
of room, Mallory.
Got two seats
right there.
Yeah, but you know
how it is.
Two's company,
three's a crowd.
Four's an even bigger crowd,
which is even worse.
I'm not judging you.
Mallory, Cassandra works
at Scott's vet clinic.
We're just on
our lunch break.
To celebrate the news!
Look!
Georgie:
"University of Saskatchewan,
Department of
Veterinary Medicine."
Cassandra:
Yeah. Ty got on the wait list!
Isn't that great?
That is great -
totally.
(Whispers)
Loser!
Ty:
Here. Check out the menu.
(Cisco thunders
around the track)
(Hooves thud,
Cisco grunts and snorts)
(Stopwatch beeps)
(Janice exhales)
Amy: He looked pretty
good out there,
but his time's definitely off
from last year.
Janice:
Yeah, when I was winning.
He hasn't been in the money
once this season.
So obviously a problem,
I'm just...
Hoping you can help me
figure out what it is.
Why me?
I mean, why did you come
all the way up here?
Why not?
I mean, you did such
a great job with him last time.
Who knows,
maybe you're exactly
what Cisco needs.
Just promise me that
this isn't about you
and my dad?
Your dad? No.
Honestly,
we've barely spoken
since that whole marriage thing
blew up in my face.
Yeah.
Sorry about that.
I guess it was a pretty big
a commitment
for both of you.
Amy, I don't know
what your dad told you,
but we didn't break up over
any "commitment issues."
Mallory:
So, Ty, vet school.
Pretty great,
hey, Amy?
Amy:
What's she talking about?
Ty: Um, just...
I made the wait list
for the school
in Saskatchewan, so...
Wow.
Georgie: We saw him at
Maggie's with Cassandra.
He even paid
for our lunch.
One of the best vet schools
in the country!
Well, congratulations.
That's... that's awesome.
Jack:
Yeah, well done!
Come on, guys.
It's a little early
to celebrate.
Being on the wait list
doesn't mean I got in.
It actually means
that I didn't get in.
Mallory:
Well, according to Cassandra,
it means he has to wait
for someone
that has better grades
then him
to decide not to be a vet,
or wait till they die.
Whichever comes first.
(Screen door bangs shut)
Tim: Hey!
Sorry I'm late.
How can someone be late
when they're not invited?
Tim: (Laughs)
Good one, Jack.
What is that?
Pot roast.
Jack made it.
Tim:
Mmm.
I'll have some anyway.
So... Jack, where's Lisa?
Well, she's got
a busy schedule.
Yeah? Who doesn't?
Amy, how'd it go
with Janice today?
Mmm...
Janice?
Your Janice?
Not any more, Jack.
Dodged that bullet,
remember?
(Mouth full)
Gravy?
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Here, poochie!
Got something for ya!
Pot roast.
Hey...
Hey, girl.
Good dog.
Mallory:
Georgie!
Go! Scoot! Get!
What're you doing
out here?
Um... well...
I can't eat pot roast
'cause I'm a vegan...
And I didn't wanna hurt
Jack's feelings,
so I'm gonna throw it
in the bin.
If you're such a vegan,
why take meat
in the first place?
Um... momentary relapse?
Tim: I'm telling you, she's
gonna show up here eventually.
Amy: You know what?
He seriously believes it, too.
He even bet me
five bucks.
I don't know why
you can't wrap your head around
the simple fact
that maybe Janice
actually wants Amy
to work with Cisco?
I'll tell you why,
Jack.
Money.
I owe her money
for the upkeep of the horse.
A word to the unwise,
your money issues
with Janice
are not your daughter's
problem,
they're your problem.
I know that.
That's why
I don't want Amy involved.
She's already involved, Tim,
so you better make
damn sure...
That she doesn't get caught
in the crossfire.
Tim:
I hear you.
I'm all over it.
(Birds chirp and twitter)
Ty:
Okay...
Amy:
Okay what?
Ty:
I know what's bugging you.
It's the vet school thing.
You're jealous
'cause I told Cassandra
before I told you.
Amy:
(Sighs)
It's just that I helped you
fill out your application,
you know, and...
And write your letter.
I just felt like
it's something between us,
that we shared.
Amy,
Cassandra just happened to be
the first person I saw
when I opened it.
(Chuckles)
- Okay?
- 'Kay.
By the way,
has anyone ever told you
you're kinda cute
when you're jealous.
(Chuckles)
'Cause I like it;
Makes me feel special.
Oh! Don't let it go to your head...
(Laughs)
(Knocking)
(Rain patters,
people chatter nearby)
(Sighs)
Well, I should've known
you'd show up
sooner or later.
Yeah, well,
I heard you were here.
Sorry I missed you
earlier.
Let me cut
to the chase, Tim.
I didn't come here
to see you, so...
You didn't miss
a thing.
Oh, hey!
Aw, come on,
Janice.
Don't be like that.
I know what this is about.
I just gotta juggle
a couple things around,
so don't cash it
for a week or so.
I don't want your money, Tim.
Come on,
I owe you the money.
That's... that's what
this is about.
It's the deal.
I owe it to you.
You just don't get it,
do you?
What? Wait!
We're still talking.
Janice:
You wanna talk?
Then don't come
prowling around here
like some randy old tomcat.
Janice, you know I have nothing
but respect for you.
Really?
Then why don't you
show it?
Why don't you ask me
to go for coffee or for lunch
or something,
and maybe
I'll think about it.
Now if you'll excuse me,
I had a really long day,
so... good night.
Do you wanna go out for lunch
or coffee or something?
(Sighs heavily)
Mallory:
First up, the barn.
I'm gonna be taking care
of Katie,
so I need you to turn out
the horses,
muck out the stalls,
and fill the water buckets.
Why do I have to do
everything?
Who made you boss?
Jack did,
didn't you, Jack?
Maybe I should
take care of Katie
and you should go do
the work in the barn.
You think taking care
of Katie isn't work?
Because a million mothers
would disagree with you.
Yeah, and you're not
one of them.
(Jack sighs disapprovingly)
I'm sorry
I'm being testy...
What does that mean?
It means for the next
little while,
while I'm busy with Katie,
you're gonna have
to pick up the slack.
Georgie:
Yeah, busy.
Well, you know what?
I'm feeling a little testy too.
Well, that went well,
didn't it?
Mallory, what're you doing
with that thing?
Someone turned off
your gay paree pictures.
Mallory...
Right.
(Katie gurgles and coos)
Georgie: Hey, poochie!
Got something for ya!
Toast! Bacon!
All right,
what are you doing?
Okay, so there's this dog,
and she comes around here,
so I've been feeding her.
Here, girl!
You're feeding
someone else's dog?
No! She doesn't belong
to anybody.
She's lost.
And she's not here
this morning,
so maybe she's hurt,
or caught in a trap.
Or she went home.
You can't just leave food
lying around out here,
you're gonna attract
scavengers -
mice, raccoons,
even bears.
Are you gonna
rat me out to Jack?
No, but you owe me.
So you better
get with the program
and start sucking up.
I mean now!
Okay!
(Calls out)
Here, girl!
(Hooves thud evenly,
Cisco grunts)
Amy: He's got a
nice forward gait.
I don't think
he's lame at all.
Janice: Yeah, I don't think
soundness is the problem.
Amy:
He seems really responsive.
Well, he knows how
to focus on the job.
You know, Janice,
I really don't see
a problem at all.
Maybe you should breeze him
around the track again,
I can see
if I've missed something?
(Cell phone chirps)
Janice: Yeah, okay.
It's gonna have to be
a bit later though.
I gotta take off
for awhile.
We just got started.
Yeah, I know,
I'm so sorry.
This won't take long though,
I promise.
I'll see you
in a bit.
Amy:
Okay.
(Cisco grunts)
Whoa... whoa...
There's nothing wrong with you,
is there, boy? Hmm?
Nothing at all.
So why aren't you
winning races?
Mallory:
What are you doing
and where do you think
you're going?
I gotta go look
for that dog.
Mallory: You haven't even
mucked out the stalls yet!
I'll do it later.
What is the big deal
with this dog
and why is it
so important to you?
She came here
looking for help,
so I fed her.
I can't just give up
on her now.
Mallory:
Georgie, no!
You're not allowed to go
riding off by yourself.
(Yelling) I promised Jack
I'd look out for you
and I can't blow it.
I'm on a trial run!
Georgie:
So what?!
I've been on a trial run
my whole life!
I'll tell Jack,
and he'll call Clint Riley,
and you'll be packed up
out of here so fast
your head will spin!
(Exhales sharply)
If I get fired,
I'm blaming you!
Amy:
Good boy.
Let's get you some brushes.
Ty, hey.
Are you busy?
Perfect. Can you meet me
down at the track?
I need your help
with something.
Mallory:
Hey, Georgie, wait up!
You better not
keep going!
She's around here somewhere,
I can feel it!
You haven't found her
and you probably won't.
She could be miles
from here,
and we need to go back
before Jack realizes
we're gone.
(Dog barks in the distance)
Did you hear that?
(Dog barks)
Over there!
Mallory:
(Sighs) Oh... damn!
(Dog barks)
Janice.
I'm glad
you could make it.
Yeah, well,
it's a small town, Tim.
Can't keep avoiding you
forever.
You're looking good.
You hungry?
Try the vegetarian chili.
I hear it's the best
in Alberta.
I don't want
vegetarian chili, Tim.
Coffee's fine.
I have to get back
to the track.
Yeah. Work always
came first with you;
I respected that.
You know, we were...
We were two different people
on two different paths.
I probably could've handled
the break up
a little better-
You know what, Tim?
I'm actually
not really interested
in talking
about the past.
I'm not talking
about the past,
I'm talking
about the present,
and how, sometimes,
it's hard to move on.
You do not wanna talk to me
about moving on.
You made it all too easy
for me to move on.
Really.
So what do you want?
You still think
this is about you?
You're unbelievable!
For all I knew,
you were still up
in medicine hat
or wherever it was
you used to sneak off to.
Moose Jaw!
I didn't sneak off.
I visited my son.
And his mother.
Yeah, his mother.
You mean, Miranda?
What, where are you
going with this?
Oh my God.
You're back together
with her, aren't you?
No!
I mean...
Yes, I see her...
Occasionally.
She's the mother.
I can't see him
and not the mother.
You know what, Tim?
I have...
Don't even bother
trying to explain.
I saw this one coming
a mile away.
(Low hum of chatter,
music plays quietly)
(Birds chirp, dog barks)
(Dog barks)
I can hear her,
but I can't see her anywhere!
It sounds like
it's coming from over here.
(Wood crumbles)
Whoa!
Are you okay?
(Dog barks)
That's her!
She's down here!
Look, this is a well.
It's dangerous, trust me.
(Dialing beeps)
- What're you doing?
- Calling Jack.
Jack? No way!
Are you crazy?
Why not?
Because it'll be like
every other place I've been!
You find a lost dog
or a cat,
and guess what they do?
They take it
to the farm -
the goodbye poochie farm!
Jack's not like that.
Who says?
You're gonna wreck it
for both of us;
He'll fire you,
and he'll call Clint Riley.
We need help,
so that's a chance
I'm willing to take.
Mallory: We need help!
Georgie: But I'm not!
Hey! Give it!
Georgie!
Georgie:
No!
(Phone clatters)
(Gasps)
(Dog barks)
Georgie:
Oops.
Mallory:
Look what you did!
Georgie: Looks like someone's
gonna have to go down there
and get your phone.
Might as well get the dog
at the same time.
(Dog barks)
Mallory: Are you sure you don't want me
to go down there?
Georgie:
She's my dog.
This was my idea.
I'll be okay...
Just don't drop me.
Mallory:
I wouldn't.
I need my phone back,
and if I killed you,
Jack would kill me.
Very funny.
Okay.
Let's go.
Hey, is everything okay?
Georgie:
Yeah.
Fine.
Mallory:
Whoa, whoa, whoa...
Georgie:
Slow down!
Steady...
Georgie:
Don't do that!
Hey! Keep it steady!
Go down!
(Thump) Ow!
Mallory: I'm trying!
He's not cooperating!
'Kay, steady...
Steady, boy.
Whoa, whoa, whoa!
Steady! Steady!
(Georgie screams,
loud thump)
(Mallory gasps)
Hold it right there.
Georgie:
(Grunts)
(Dog barks and whimpers)
Hey, little girl.
Georgie,
are you okay?
Georgie: Yeah, but the dog
doesn't look so good.
So we gotta hurry.
I need something to wrap
around her.
Mallory:
Why?
Georgie: So I can make a sling!
How else can we get her up?
Mallory:
I've got a slicker.
Georgie:
'Kay! Throw it down!
Hey... we're gonna get you
outta here,
I promise.
It's okay.
All right,
what am I doing here?
Okay,
take a look at this.
What am I looking at?
Amy:
All right,
so jockeys keep records
of all their times, right -
their wins, their losses -
and this is Janice's book
on Cisco.
So look at this:
These are his races this year,
these are the tracks,
and those are times.
Ty:
Okay.
One minute sixteen seconds
at Delmar;
One twelve at Los Alamitos;
One seventeen, Fairplex -
that seems pretty consistent.
Yeah, consistent -
consistently worse
than last year.
Isn't that why she's here, Amy?
Amy:
(Sighs) Well, yeah...
But even when
I timed her yesterday,
she was way slower
than she's been before.
Okay...
But without the adrenaline
from a real race, Amy,
you gotta expect him
to be a bit slower.
Well... yeah,
but I don't think that's it.
You know, Janice brought Cisco
here for me to look at
and I don't think
she's giving it all she's got.
Ty:
Whoa, whoa.
You're kidding,
right?
No.
Georgie:
Okay... um, all set down here!
Mallory:
Okay! Come on. Easy.
That's it.
Georgie: All right,
sweetie, it's okay.
Here. No, no.
No, no.
Mallory:
Keep going... okay.
Georgie:
Oh yeah, oh yeah.
(Dog whimpers)
Mallory: Come on, boy.
Back up, back up.
Shhh... it's okay.
Shhh...
Malllory: Okay, okay, okay.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Georgie: What're you doing?
Don't stop! Keep going!
I'm trying!
Okay, calm down.
Go forward,
come on.
Come on.
Okay, okay.
Easy...
Georgie:
Oh please, please do not fall.
Mallory:
(Sighs) Come on, Copper.
(Horse grunts
and snorts nervously)
No, no, no, no.
Back up, back up.
No! (Gasps)
(Georgie screams,
debris clatters)
(Horses whinny
and gallop away)
Wait, Copper!
Come back!
Are you okay?
Georgie:
Hey! What happened?!
(Sighs with relief)
♪
Ty:
One, two, three!
All right, you ready?
Go!
(Stopwatch beeps)
Amy:
Hyah! Hyah!
Ty:
Woo!
Come on, Amy!
Keep it going!
Yeah! Cisco!
Woo-hoo-hoo!
Yeah!
(Hooves thunder)
♪
Come on, Amy!
Let's go, Cisco!
(Stopwatch beeps)
Whoa!
Wow!
That was incredible!
Well, it looks like you were
having fun out there.
Fun? Are you kidding me?
I was scared out of my mind!
What was the time?
Sixty-nine point two?!
Are you serious?!
Wow, I knew
I was going fast,
but I didn't think
it was quite that fast.
Amy,
with times like this,
you would've won
all these races.
Like she did
when she was with your dad.
Which means,
it's just like he said.
Yeah...
It's not about the horse.
It's about Janice,
or my dad.
Or worse,
Janice and your dad.
Janice:
Hey!
You wanna tell me
what you've been doing
with my horse?
Jack: What the heck is
going on here, Katie?
Mallory?!
Georgie?!
Mallory!
Georgie: Oh my gosh,
are you all right?
Hey, what're you doing?!
Get us out of here, now!
Mallory: What am I supposed to do?
I can't haul you up myself!
Georgie: It's okay.
(Cell phone rings)
Mallory: That's my phone!
Answer it.
Well, I have to find it first!
Hurry!
(Phone continues ringing)
Georgie:
Got it!
Oh no, it's Jack!
Mallory: What're you waiting for?
Pick it up!
Tell him where we are!
Georgie:
Hello, Jack.
Jack:
Don't you "hello Jack" me.
Where are you?
Don't worry,
everything is fine.
Mallory: What're you saying?
Everything is not fine!
Well, that's interesting,
'cause guess what I'm doing?
I'm staring at two
saddled horses in my yard
and you're not on
either one of them,
so start talking
and don't you dare lie to me.
Georgie:
Okay.
Promise you won't get mad?
Ty:
Sixty-nine point two.
That was from a standing start.
Janice:
Not bad.
I'm gonna go
get the truck.
Amy:
Okay.
You know and I both know
there's a million variables.
I mean, different day,
different track,
different jockeys.
Yeah, but I'm not even close
to a real jockey
and still got a better time
than you did.
Yeah. So maybe whatever
was slowing him down
is just starting to heal
on its own.
I'm not sure about that.
I think one of those variables
is how much you both wanna win.
I mean, I know Cisco does;
I'm not so sure about you.
(Laughs) What're you
talking about, Amy?
I wanna win so bad,
I drove all the way up here.
I just mean that maybe
there's some issues
from when you and my dad
broke up.
You know what, Amy?
I do have issues.
I have issues
with the kind of man
who would ask me to marry him
just to get custody of his kid.
I'm sorry.
I... I had no idea.
It's okay, you don't have
anything to apologize for.
But you're right;
You have no idea.
Look, coming up here was
obviously a big mistake,
so I'll pay you for the work
you've done.
But I don't want counselling
or helpful suggestions
from you
or anyone else.
You know, I think you do
want something,
but not from me.
(Cell phone rings)
That fact that Cisco still
belongs to my dad
is one of the reasons you're
sitting back in your saddle
when you ride.
Just answer your phone, Amy.
We're done here.
(Phone beeps)
Amy: Hello?
A well? Again?
Are you kidding me?
Yeah. Yeah, of course.
We'll be right there.
Bye.
So what if you're right?
What if it isn't the horse
and it is me?
How are you gonna
fix that?
Jack: Okay, we're gonna get you
in a couple minutes now.
Ty:
What do we got here, Jack?
Jack: We're just
bringing the dog up now.
Is Georgie okay?
Mallory: She says she's
okay, but the dog is hurt.
Jack:
Yeah, there she is.
(Dog whimpers)
Amy:
It's okay...
Jack:
Hold her there.
Georgie:
Yoo-hoo! Can you hear me?!
Hey, guys?!
Don't you guys dare
let her run away!
Do you hear me?
(Quietly) Maybe we should
just leave her down there.
Don't worry,
I don't think that dog's
gonna be running anywhere.
Okay, send her back down,
Mallory.
(Winch whirs)
(Jack grunts)
You all set down there?
Yeah. I guess.
Jack: Keep her going,
keep her going.
(Winch whirs)
Georgie:
Where is she?!
Jack:
Amy and Ty have her.
Well, what're they doing
with her?
Where are they going?
They're taking her
to Scott's clinic.
Well, I wanna go
with them!
Guys! Wait for me!
(Truck rumbles away)
I wanna come with you!
Guys!
It's not fair!
She's my dog!
I found her.
Told you we should've
left her in there.
Jack:
Yeah, maybe we should have.
Now what the heck
am I gonna do with you?
Did you call Clint Riley?
Do you want me too?
No.
Then why are you asking?
Well, I thought 'cause,
you know... me here,
and this is a trial run.
Well, I suppose it is
a trial run,
but not just for you -
for all of us.
Georgie:
Yeah, but I'm the only one
that's gonna get sent off
to a crappy foster home.
Nobody's gonna get
sent anywhere.
But it would help
if you didn't go looking
for trouble
all the time.
Georgie:
Sorry!
I promise.
Next time.
Jack: Next time? No next time.
Hey!
Hey, I'm glad you called.
We kinda got off
on the wrong foot.
What is Cisco doing here?
I thought he was supposed to be
at the track with Amy.
Yeah, she's already taken
a look at him,
and she thinks
he's in great shape.
There's just
one little problem:
He needs to start
winning races,
and that's not gonna happen
while I'm riding him.
Well, don't say that.
Come on,
you're a good jockey.
You had a solid season.
A solid season -
last year.
But now, every time
I get on this horse,
from the start gate,
waiting for that bell
to go off,
and rounding the turn,
then heading for home,
I keep thinking...
Man, this is a great horse...
But he's Tim's horse.
Come on,
hey, I'm outta this.
I've taken a step back.
I won't interfere.
If you're serious
about forgiving that debt,
I won't even pay you back
the money I owe you.
Wow, that's really generous, Tim,
but you're right,
I don't want your money.
I just wanna give
this horse to you.
You can't do that.
This isn't easy for me, Tim,
but I don't have a choice.
Look, I just...
I want a normal life.
You know, I wanna meet a guy,
fall in love,
you know, maybe get married,
have a family...
I don't think
any of that's possible
while you're still
in the picture.
So...
This is goodbye.
Yeah.
I guess it is.
(Cisco snorts)
Cassandra:
Hey, Amy, nice to see you.
Amy:
Yeah, you too.
Cassandra: I called Scott.
He's on his way.
Ty:
Okay.
Amy:
Um, where do you want her?
Cassandra: Uh, let's just
get her up on the table.
Ty: Careful.
She's sore on the right side.
Probably got some
bruised ribs.
Yeah, I think her hip
might be dislocated as well.
Cassandra: Scott said to
give her some pre-meds
if she's in pain.
Ty:
Okay.
Amy, you need to uh...
Move right outta there.
Amy: Okay, I'm sorry.
Ty: Thank you.
Uh, hydro?
Three mils?
Cassandra: Uh yeah,
sounds about right.
Ty:
Okay.
I need in here.
Sorry.
Amy: Oh, you know what?
I'm just in the way.
You guys seem to have it
under control.
I'm gonna go.
Okay, I'll call you later, okay?
Amy:
Okay.
Ty: I think we're gonna need
some X-rays.
Yeah,
and some blood work too.
Okay, I'm on it.
Okay...
How are her vitals doing?
Cassandra: Okay.
Ty: Yeah?
Cassandra:
Yeah.
Ty: Here it goes.
Cassandra: You're good.
Just take a little blood,
that's good.
Amy:
Hey!
You win;
It wasn't really
about the horse.
Tim: No, no. You...
You keep that.
I don't feel like
much of a winner...
And now I got a horse
that can't run.
I wouldn't say
he can't run.
He did six furlongs
in just over a minute;
That's enough to put him in
the winner's circle every time.
Yeah? That'd make a lot
of owners happy.
So why aren't I happy, Amy?
I don't know,
maybe because you used Janice?
I can't believe you asked her
to marry you
just so you could win
the custody case!
Nah, it wasn't like that!
Okay. Okay,
maybe it was like that.
But I just wanted my son...
Yeah, I know.
I've heard it all before.
To have a father!
And now, every time
I see that damn horse...
You're right;
I-I-I can't... believe how badly
I treated Janice.
I can't believe it.
So what're you gonna do
about it?
At this point, I don't know
if there's anything
I can do about it.
I think there is.
Mallory:
Okay. I know I blew it.
I tried to stop Georgie,
but she just went ahead anyway.
And I didn't call you
because I didn't want you
to think
that I couldn't handle her
by myself.
The way I figure it,
Georgie's the type that...
She's gonna do
what she's gonna do,
no matter
what you tell her.
My thoughts exactly!
And we all make mistakes,
don't we?
Maybe you made more
than your fair share.
What do you think?
Come on, Jack.
It all turned out okay in the end.
Yeah, it did.
And I know you'll do
better next time.
What're you saying?
Are you telling me
that I got the job?
There was never any doubt
in my mind about that.
Me too!
I mean, honestly,
I just have this natural gift
with kids.
It's like they're just
immediately drawn towards me.
Don't push it.
Okay.
Well, anyway,
thanks, Jack.
You're not such a bad guy
after all.
Or maybe you're just getting
soft with old age.
(Sternly)
I am not!
(Door closes)
(Dialing beeps)
Jack:
Hello, Lisa Stillman.
(Rain patters,
low hum of chatter nearby)
Tim,
what're you doing here?
I'm giving you
the horse.
You know I can't be a jockey
and an owner
at the same time.
I've talked to my lawyer.
I got the original
bill of sale,
the pedigree papers,
the jockey club registration...
You can start fresh;
You can find yourself
a new partner,
keep racing Cisco.
Or you can sell him,
whatever you want,
no strings attached.
You know
it's not that easy.
I screwed everything up,
I know that.
I wish I could... change it,
but I can't.
I loved you,
I really did, you know?
Come on,
it wasn't all bad.
Yeah, I guess that's what
makes this so difficult.
Well, it is for me too;
That's why we gotta do this -
we gotta...
We gotta make a clean break.
And you own the horse
a hundred percent,
nothing to do with me.
(Sniffles)
And never let our past
hold you back.
I didn't really feel
that good
about giving him to you,
anyway.
Thank you, Tim.
Really.
Thank you.
(Sighs)
Amy: (Laughing)
What're you doing?
Ty:
Just come with me.
Amy:
But why are we up here?
Because everything good
that's ever happened in my life
started when I was in
this room.
University of Calgary,
Faculty of Veterinary Medicine.
It came this morning,
and I got a good feeling
about this one.
So I want to share it
with the woman I love.
O-kay.
(Paper tears)
- You ready?
- Yeah.
♪ Let every sunrise
show you how ♪
Congratulations, Ty,
you did it!
Ty:
Yes! (Laughing)
Amy:
I knew! I knew you'd get it!
Ty:
Oh my God!
Amy: Ty, you even got a scholarship!
Ty: Yes!
- What's going on?
- Let's go see.
Mallory:
Mm, no, forget it.
Why?
What's the big problem now?
There's no big problem.
It just sounds like...
Ty and Amy got some
good news.
Yeah, so?
So maybe we should go back
to the house
and let them celebrate
in peace.
Maybe they were celebrating,
but it sure doesn't
sound like it now.
Mallory: Believe me,
they're celebrating.
Sync & corrections by Alice
www.addic7ed.com
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org